SPEAKER_00: check this out Eric asked me when got into work this morning?

SPEAKER_01: no idea. What he ask?

SPEAKER_00: asked me felt earthquake last night.

SPEAKER_01: Earthquake? You be kidding. didn't feel earthquake.

SPEAKER_00: I know, that's what I said. He told me it woke him up last night. it was like it went happened at four 42 in the morning. we must've been sleeping, but it's possible even if we been awake, we might not have felt it because maybe it wasn't felt this far North. I I thought he was pulling my leg when he first talked about it.

SPEAKER_01: guess not so farfetched considering live on major fault line here.

SPEAKER_00: Yeah, but actually, think this earthquake on different fault line., Eric lives south of San Jose.

SPEAKER_01:.

SPEAKER_00: earthquake, he said, due east of San Jose. he was closer to epicenter than we were. I not sure it was felt here.

SPEAKER_00 without falling.

SPEAKER_01: Yeah without falling. had no idea what was going on for few minutes afterwards. then realized must have been earthquake.

SPEAKER_00: Yeah. I usually notice? times I've been at home here there's been an earthquake, it almost as if big train or gigantic Mack truck going by. suddenly, I start to hear heater shaking, noise is loud for a second, then it's gone. it really weird. almost like first couple of times I felt it, wasn't aware it was an earthquake while it happening.

SPEAKER_00: Yeah, I know. It's crazy how when you're not used to feeling them, you could think it's something else. I I've been living here for a while now've felt my share of earthquakes. when you live here, it's a given you're going to experience earthquakes. hope you're not to be here for the big one. When I first moved here, about five years after Loma Prieta earthquake, a very big earthquake here, of people who lived here who I met had been living in the area when earthquake hit. it interesting to get their perspective. it made me remember where I was when I heard about Loma Prieta earthquake. was watching the World Series on TV, it taking place in San Francisco. watching it announcer starts saying, wow think we're feeling an earthquake here cameras started shaking., TV coverage cut out. wanted to get a rundown of what happened. turned to news station, within few minutes, they were discussing this gigantic earthquake hit San Francisco. started showing pictures, 30 minutes later, of people trying to weed through the rubble of buildings coming down. it was pretty scary. I'll tell you why..

SPEAKER_01: Yeah,,, three months living in Japan, experienced two. Both were very different, different from one'd experienced here and also different from the one in Bangkok one of, I was up in my apartment on fifth floor of a building woken up at about 5 o'clock in the morning to building swaying. because earthquakes are like a dime a dozen in Japan, they've built buildings to absorb shock. that's why it was swaying. It was very surreal feel. Hi, this is Kristen Dodds.

SPEAKER_00: this is Joe Weiss. wanted to let this material copyrighted in year 2008 by Learn Real English LLC. www.learnrealenglish.com